c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GraMemory.exe.config
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GraMemory.exe
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GraMemory.pdb
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\GraMemory.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\GraMemory_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\GraMemory.g.resources
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\GraMemory.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\GraMemory.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\GraMemory.exe
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\GraMemory.pdb
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\Mem.baml
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\Mem.g.cs
c:\users\damian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\obj\Debug\GraMemory_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Damian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GraMemory\GraMemory\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
